my first impression was very good
The reception at the front desk was also
very friendly i am with germany
been spoken on a very good
pronunciation and that has been very good
impression made
I find the room very spatially
is very clean it is always great
that also rooms with lateral
seascape or not possibly the
direct sea views a very nice
outlook on the sea also have on poland
on the environment
I find the design in the outdoor area
is very nice
and what's fantastic is eating it
there is something for everyone
So wonderful it tastes very delicious
You can only say from early morning to evening
the food was definitely licking
varied I have no day
any repetition seen from
eat
There was also local food
Culinary delights to the pool can me
say the very good swimmer for
also very much
They choose their own tracks
so big enough
without restrictions you can there
really good swim in it
I think that's very suitable for
children very big you can great great
swim in it I find it